for those who love to fly, close your eyes
dreaming of the wonderful beaches and
vacation spots is something
indescribable
giancarlo zeni general manager of
blue panorama airlines tells us
making us dream of nearby destinations
and far away that this summer will be
directly accessible from Italy
we are absolutely concerned with the
your headline because we carry the
Italians in the most beautiful islands in the world
those who love exotic travels know us for
the flights we have on cuba which is the
so-called great isla of the caribbean vi
I assure you a journey to make in life
we are the only carrier on the ground in the
four main airports on the island
with santiago the havana cayo
off course in the Caribbean we go
also in antigua in Jamaica cancun e
so there are definitely alternatives
to come back every year
this year island lovers
they will surely have new ones
opportunities also in the Mediterranean
because we will open for the first time i
flights to reach directly from
rome many cephalonia are two islands
wonderful were sung in
Foscolo sonnets more than two centuries ago
but I assure you that they offer some
truly panoramic experiences
enchants and enchanting then for the
younger audience every summer
we want to the Balearic Islands so in addition to
palma de mallorca menorca obviously
let's go to ibiza how can you not go
there and bring the Italians who are the most
great lovers of formentera
but of course we never forget
of our Italian islands you know that
we want as regularly as all the
summers in Lampedusa and Pantelleria
then certainly in addition to the news in Greece
we serve another ten islands so we are
the company that I would say great
company that takes you to all the islands
to admire in the seas of Greece I with
I greet you and wish you good
summer
happy holidays on the islands with blue
panorama